all I know is that I need a space I need
you to give me that is pace I want to
give you all the space you need I just I
don't know
I just want to get out of LA for a while
and get away from my line hi grandma
I can't believe I'm still alive hello hi
mate some cookies silica will be like
Fig Newtons I didn't so much as make
them as wrap them in plastic put them on
the plate he's basically alone over
there just take him to a movie you have
any idea how lame that sound hey how you
doing just regrouping oh you're with
football game will you tell me about
like the garage bands and prom that John
you stuff huh I am very old well it's
not exactly the 50s here either
everybody do things there's this party
tonight come with me I walk in with you
you're older intelligent mysterious
ma'am mysterious you think you can step
into my hood I expect not to be
scrapping directly what are known as you
get more Breakfast Club than that
my dad's having an affair no weird
things that I'm really I'm out of my mom
I can't end up like her I guess I better
get going before my daughter comes out
and gives me that look like I'm the most
embarrassing person on earth you guys
stop playing alone
she was not there for me when I really
needed oh there's a big girl out there
it's messy and it's never the thing
you'd expect so yes we're done right
yeah we're going
[Music]
I pride myself on being this great
listener but whenever I meet somebody
new I find him doing all the talking
maybe you're not really such a great
listener mm-hmm maybe you're not such a
great listener no that's not it
we're great listener
[Music]